Fixed types and spelling issues for run-a-dv pages (#46)
ObolNetwork/obol-gitbook: run-a-dv/integrations/dappnode.md

# DappNode

> For set-up, see quickstart guide:[​](https://docs.obol.org/next/run/integrations/Dappnode#for-setup-see-quickstart-guide)

Reviewer: I think setup is more common than set-up?

```suggestion
For setup, see quickstart guide:[​](https://docs.obol.org/next/run/integrations/Dappnode#for-setup-see-quickstart-guide)
```

> For set-up of a DV using DappNode, see the quickstart guide [Create a DV Alone](https://docs.obol.org/next/run/start/quickstart_alone), and select the appropriate tab for "DappNode".

Reviewer: I think setup is more common than set-up?
Also Dappnode is officially spelled like Dappnode

```suggestion
For setup of a DV using Dappnode, see the quickstart guide [Create a DV Alone](https://docs.obol.org/next/run/start/quickstart_alone), and select the appropriate tab for "Dappnode".
```

Author: I think AI made DappNode looking identically to all other occurrences. As for setup vs set-up: noun vs verb as explained by AI, therefore different purpose.
